this is the only way to get to the
city ​​of alberdi by water crossing in
middle of the lord's stay
lisboa vega the road is cut by
the flood of the Paraguay river and the
crossing must be done in part
earth and partly by water
to get a sacrifice and I want
that they know the people that are going to know
The green is nice but to get this
driver
an idol because more seriousness before
we went through the water the same but now
does not leave us in a boat and we have to
cross 23 kilometers as it does for
example you want to make your
purchases have to carry their function I
I bring from alberdi seeing here the luque and
I'm going back
and here with the drivers when someone you
asked for help to help me get off
to count there are a lot less we have
saleswomen who go home to look
behind
she has her business already comes to buy
it is but it is so cute that they call the
repubblica de alberdi if that's how
says editor vázquez he who knows
well the green
and I hope that as he says that someone
sometime and / and make that comptroller
as they say to see what it is
to help young people out
hence there was something here and
go back to Alberto's progress because
the young there there is nothing for the
young people there is no cinema no football
to go there is no sport now
we have
nothing is there if you win in formosa or
good in things
i
your name what is in how much time
They are two months old and always travel
and if it's the only way now let's
be traveling
and how much
I'm not that little girl but it takes her
control in alberdi
how long it takes you to get there and a
hour or so
there's no problem with the sun daisy who
much more and magician the creature such